{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNext-DemiBold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNext-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNext-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red246\green246\blue246;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c97255\c97255\c97255;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Summary\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \cb2 Vermont coronavirus COVID-19 cases by county time series with data from the Vermont Department of Health.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 Table containing daily cases and deaths broken down by county as received by the Department of Health.\'a0Data is as received by the Vermont Department of Health. As of Wednesday, May 18, 2022, the\'a0VT COVID-19 Cases by County Time Series table is updated weekly--every Wednesday.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \cb2 Total Cases
\f2\b \'a0
\f1\b0 (
\f2\b C_Total
\f1\b0 ) and New Daily Cases (
\f2\b C_New
\f1\b0 ) reflect tests at VDH, commercial, and other public health labs. Includes non-Vermont residents who were tested in Vermont (i.e. seeking care in Vermont, visiting Vermont).
\f2\b \cb1 \
\

\f1\b0 \cb2 Total Deaths (
\f2\b D_Total
\f1\b0 ) and New Daily Deaths (
\f2\b D_New
\f1\b0 ) include deaths among confirmed and probable cases. Both probable and confirmed deaths have COVID-19 as a cause or contributing condition on their death certificate.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \cb2 County (
\f2\b map_county
\f1\b0 ): People who tested positive for COVID-19 in Vermont while visiting or seeking care are included in the Vermont county where they were identified. Some cases may still be under investigation and county is not yet assigned. In these instances, Pending Validation is temporarily used.\cb1 \
\
\cb2 All data are compiled by the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.healthvermont.gov/"}}{\fldrslt Vermont Department of Health}}, and are preliminary and subject to change. The VT COVID-19 Cases by County Time Series information is updated weekly by 1:00 p.m. on Wednesdays (reflecting the status as of the end of the previous day). For more information, see the full\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.healthvermont.gov/response/infectious-disease/2019-novel-coronavirus"}}{\fldrslt VDH COVID-19 page}}. This open data service is provided in accord with the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://maps.vcgi.vermont.gov/opendata/lifecycle/VCGI_COVID19_LifeCyclePolicy.pdf"}}{\fldrslt COVID-19 Life Cycle Policy}}.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 \cb2 FIELD DESCRIPTIONS----------
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 -----
\f2\b date:
\f1\b0 \'a0Data 'as of' date\cb1 \
\cb2 -----
\f2\b map_county:\'a0
\f1\b0 County\cb1 \
\cb2 -----
\f2\b CNTYGEOID:
\f1\b0 \'a0County Geographic Area Code per\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://vcgi.vermont.gov/document/vt-geographic-area-codes-standard"}}{\fldrslt VT Geographic Area Codes Standard}}\cb1 \
\cb2 -----
\f2\b C_New:
\f1\b0 \'a0New daily cases\cb1 \
\cb2 -----
\f2\b C_Total:
\f1\b0 \'a0Total cases\cb1 \
\cb2 -----
\f2\b D_New:
\f1\b0 \'a0New daily deaths\cb1 \
\cb2 -----
\f2\b D_Total:
\f1\b0 \'a0Total deaths\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 \cb2 ----------------------------
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
}